We are now able to show a little pop up window any time a user clicks on a marker.
So this is definitely a good advancement, but now we probably want to customize the content inside
of that window.
So let's flip back over to our code editor and figure out how we can do this.
I'm still looking at ad marker right here.
Remember, the content that gets shown in the window is going to be assigned to this content property
when we create the info window.
So the real question here is how are we going to customize this content?
We probably want to customize that content depending upon whether we pass it in a user or a company
as an argument to add marker or put another way, put it more precisely.
We probably want to make this content right here a responsibility of this argument.
In other words, we want this argument, this object to have some property or some method attached to
it.
And any time we reference that property or call it it should return some string that will be displayed
inside of the info window.
So in other words, what we're doing here is adding in a new requirement for this argument.
We're saying that now, in order to be considered to be malleable or to be an argument, to add marker,
you have to have a method.
Any time we call that method, it should return a string and that string will be some HTML to show inside
the info window.
So in order to update the definition of this argument, we're going to add a new requirement to this
interface.
So remember, we define Tappable at the top of the file.
I'm going to go back up here.
So we're going to say that now, in order to be considered, to be malleable, to be an argument to
the add marker function, you also have to have a property called.
How about marker content?
This has to be a function.
And any time we call this thing, you have to return a string.
So we've now added in a new requirement to our interface.
If we save this and then flip back over to index indexes, you'll notice that we now have an air around
add marker and add marker right here.
If we hover over the arguments, you'll notice that it says property marker content is missing from
user, but it's required by our interface.
So we just updated the interface we added in a new requirement to be an argument to add marker, but
user and company do not yet have that property.
So we now have to go back to our user definition or user class and our company class and make sure they
satisfy this new requirement.
They both have to have a method called marker content and they have to return a string.
So let's try doing that right now.
Back inside of user dots, I'm going to go down to the bottom of the class underneath the constructor.
Usually our constructor method is going to be at the very top right after any properties we want to
list.
And then right here, we're going to add in marker content.
This is going to be a function.
Any time we call it, we have to return a string.
So then inside of here we will return.
How about just like user?
Name is and actually let's use a template string here so I can use back ticks instead just to kind of
inject the user name.
So I'm going to place the back ticks and we'll do this name like so.
Okay.
So now user has a marker content method that returns a string and that means that now user satisfies
our Tappable interface.
It has all the different properties that Tappable is required to have.
So if we now go back over to indexes, you'll notice that the error is gone.
So now we can repeat the same process for company as well.
I'm going to go back over to my company.
Here's class company right here.
And again, at the bottom of the class, I'm going to add in a new method called marker content.
It has to be called marker content because that's what our interface right here is requiring.
We cannot just arbitrarily name the methods something different inside of company.
The interface is going to look specifically for a method called marker content.
So back inside of company, here's marker content.
We're going to annotate it as a return type of string.
And inside of here we can once again return something like company name.
And we'll print out this company name.
And you know what?
Just for fun, let's also show the company catchphrase as well.
So inside the string, I'm going to turn it into a multi line string like so.
And then we'll do catch phrase is this dot catch phrase.
Remember that these strings can actually be HTML.
We just saw that inside the type documentation file or the type definition file.
So if we wanted to, we could also wrap the company name with an H one tag.
And maybe the catch phrase gets like an H three.
And then let's just wrap all this with a div.
Like so.
All right.
So it looks pretty good.
Now, one thing I want to mention here about this interface stuff, you'll notice that marker content
right here is just saying we have to return string.
That's all it's saying.
This interface is not going to somehow make sure that we are returning like the correct string from
marker content.
So inside of company.
If we put some like completely gibberish string inside of here with some nonsense HTML typescript is
not going to complain at all.
The only thing TypeScript is doing is making sure that we have this method that returns the correct
type.
If we goofed the implementation of the method that's still on us, TypeScript can only do so much.
Okay.
So now we got the new definition of marker content in both our company and our user.
They are both now satisfying the updated interface so they can continue to be arguments to add marker.
You'll notice that both those errors have now gone away.
So now the last thing we have to do is go back over to custom map.
Down inside of the add marker function.
We still have a hardcoded string here of.
Hi there.
So now we're going to say, rather than using that hardcoded string.
Take a look at that map, double argument.
The argument that we passed into add marker map able and now has a new function tied to it called marker
content.
So now any time that we click on the info window rather than showing simply Hi there, we want to show
the content that comes from that marker content function of the argument.
So we'll do map tappable.
Dot marker content like so.
All right.
So that's pretty much it.
Let's save this thing.
I'm going to flip back over to my browser, do a refresh, and then I'll click on one of these and I
see user name Nick or yeah, Nick, I suppose pop up and if I click on the other one, I'll see an H
one and an H three for the company name and catchphrase.
So that's it.
All right.
So this has been a lot of fun here.
Let's take a quick pause and we'll do a wrap up in the next section to make sure once again that we
understand what's going on with this interface and what actually now they think about it.
There's one last little bit of code I want to add in this project just to show you something very quickly.
So quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.